hi everyone I just wanted to do this
video
excuse the voice I am kind of under the
weather I wanted to show you guys this
10 inch virgin Malaysian body wave if
this is a full lace wig okay full lace
hair system now it does come with the
baby hairs the with the heirs which are
here and very natural hair line which I
will turn her around so you guys can see
that you can see very natural hair lines
not boxy it's not that maybe some stupid
like some people I'm sorry that's the
best way I can see here's what the back
looks like
so it's very very good hair very good
hair you know with the full lace you can
part it anywhere so you able to make
your parts like that and then at the
bottom it does have baby hairs as well
so
I will be putting this on one of my
clients today I will be attaching it for
her and also coloring it and you can
definitely make parts anywhere you like
on it as you can see it's very I'm it's
just so soft there's another part right
there and you can just part it anywhere
you want
once the hair of secre Hansons you got
bought one of these for me to get the
part - definitely you know to tame the
hair I always say wash it first prior to
wearing it or when you're parting just
spray a little water on the parting area
and let it you know dry that way and
that was secure your part kind of like
if you want it you know how normally a
person would use like channel or
something like that but all you need is
water there you go guys that's pretty
much it once again this is a very very
very good way hairstyle I should say
especially if you're just wanting to go
from long hair to short hair this would
be a wonderful option for you and also
if you wanted or if you're even you know
going from shorter hair to this which is
a longer length of hair that would be a
great option for you as well but there
are so many possibilities with this hair
I mean it is just so pretty it's very
pretty I mean they look at the hairline
it's just gorgeous
all righty guys do hope you like this
video if you liked make sure you thumbs
up if you want to see more videos like
this and if also you want to see me
attach these to my clients thumbs up
this video guys thanks
you